Grammar changes (#27575)
openssl/openssl: NOTES-ANDROID.md

 Requirement details
 -------------------

 Besides basic tools like Perl and Make, you'll need to download the Android

>  NDK. It's available for Linux, macOS and Windows, but only Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 NDK. It's available for Linux, macOS and Windows, but only the Linux
```

 version has actually been tested. There is no reason to believe that macOS
 wouldn't work. And as for Windows, it's unclear which "shell" would be

>  suitable, MSYS2 might have best chances. NDK version should play a lesser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 suitable, MSYS2 might have the best chance. The NDK version should play a lesser
```

 (`*MIPS` targets are no longer supported with NDK R20+).

 Do not pass --cross-compile-prefix (as you might be tempted), as it

>  will be "calculated" automatically based on the chosen platform. However,

Reviewer 2: We can improve this still further by replacing `"calculated"` with `determined` (removing the double quotes)

 Caveat lector! Earlier OpenSSL versions relied on additional `CROSS_SYSROOT`
 variable set to `$ANDROID_NDK_ROOT/platforms/android-<api>/arch-<arch>` to

>  appoint headers-n-libraries' location. It's still recognized to

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think it would be better to keep `in order` and just add `to` here

 This is not actually supported. Notes are meant rather as inspiration.

>  Even though the build output targets a foreign system, it's possible to execute

Reviewer 2: Maybe `different` would be a less contentious word?
